w:1000
kp:enter
t:get shovel
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:dig
kp:enter
t:take card
kp:enter
t:se
kp:enter
t:take food
kp:enter
t:se
kp:enter
t:drop food
kp:enter
t:take key
kp:enter
t:sw
kp:enter
t:take bracelet
kp:enter
t:ne
kp:enter
t:nw
kp:enter
t:nw
kp:enter
t:ne
kp:enter
t:ne
kp:enter
t:ne
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:put card in cabinet
kp:enter
t:type
kp:enter
t:toukmond
kp:enter
t:robert
kp:enter
w:500
t:ftp gamma
kp:enter
t:anonymous
kp:enter
t:toukmond
kp:enter
t:binary
kp:enter
#t:send bracelet.o
#kp:enter
t:send lamp.o
kp:enter
t:send shovel.o
kp:enter
t:send key.o
kp:enter
t:quit
kp:enter
t:rlogin gamma
kp:enter
t:worms
kp:enter
w:500
t:get lamp
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:get weight
kp:enter
t:d
kp:enter
t:drop weight
kp:enter
t:nw
kp:enter
t:u
kp:enter
t:take all
kp:enter
t:se
kp:enter
t:d
kp:enter
t:nw
kp:enter
t:ne
kp:enter
t:get preserver
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:drop disk
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:turn dial clockwise
kp:enter
t:turn dial clockwise
kp:enter
t:turn dial clockwise
kp:enter
t:turn dial counterclockwise
kp:enter
t:turn dial counterclockwise
kp:enter
t:turn dial counterclockwise
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:d
kp:enter
t:nw
kp:enter
t:u
kp:enter
t:se
kp:enter
t:d
kp:enter
t:nw
kp:enter
t:nw
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:put diamond in chute
kp:enter
#t:put bracelet in chute
#kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:d
kp:enter
t:d
kp:enter
t:sw
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:u
kp:enter
t:dig
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:d
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:ne
kp:enter
t:u
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:put platinum in urinal
kp:enter
t:flush
kp:enter
t:put gold in urinal
kp:enter
t:flush
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:d
kp:enter
t:sw
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:d
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:d
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:put disk in pc
kp:enter
t:reset
kp:enter
w:4000
t:3:22:31
kp:enter
t:type foo.txt
kp:enter
w:5000
#attempt to copy the code...
t:exit
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:u
kp:enter
t:put key in box
kp:enter
t:u
kp:enter
t:u
kp:enter
t:ne
kp:enter
t:ne
kp:enter
t:get axe
kp:enter
t:d
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
#wait for user to enter code
w:5000
kp:enter
t: cut ethernet cord
kp:enter
t:exit
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:enter bus
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:nw
kp:enter
t:exit bus
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:put glycerine in jar
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:put acid in jar
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:se
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:throw jar
kp:enter
t:enter train
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:put bracelet in disposal
kp:enter
t:put egg in disposal
kp:enter
t:put coins in disposal
kp:enter
t:put ruby in disposal
kp:enter
t:put silver in disposal
kp:enter
t:d
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:u
kp:enter
t:put amethyst in disposal
kp:enter
t:u
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:se
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:e
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:w
kp:enter
t:type
kp:enter
t:rlogin endgame
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
#if I can figure out how to scrape stdout, this would still need some sort of lookup table...

t:answer Stock
kp:enter
t:answer 20
kp:enter
t:answer Robert
kp:enter
t:answer tcp/ip
kp:enter
t:answer 2
kp:enter
t:answer 24
kp:enter
t:answer mobytours
kp:enter
t:answer stallman
kp:enter
t:answer 10
kp:enter
t:answer Vermont
kp:enter
t:answer toukmond
kp:enter
t:answer grizzly
kp:enter
t:answer 4
kp:enter
t:answer Card
kp:enter
t:answer Snoopy
kp:enter

t:n
kp:enter

t:answer Stock
kp:enter
t:answer 20
kp:enter
t:answer Robert
kp:enter
t:answer tcp/ip
kp:enter
t:answer 2
kp:enter
t:answer 24
kp:enter
t:answer mobytours
kp:enter
t:answer stallman
kp:enter
t:answer 10
kp:enter
t:answer Vermont
kp:enter
t:answer toukmond
kp:enter
t:answer grizzly
kp:enter
t:answer 4
kp:enter
t:answer Card
kp:enter
t:answer Snoopy
kp:enter

t:n
kp:enter

t:answer Stock
kp:enter
t:answer 20
kp:enter
t:answer Robert
kp:enter
t:answer tcp/ip
kp:enter
t:answer 2
kp:enter
t:answer 24
kp:enter
t:answer mobytours
kp:enter
t:answer stallman
kp:enter
t:answer 10
kp:enter
t:answer Vermont
kp:enter
t:answer toukmond
kp:enter
t:answer grizzly
kp:enter
t:answer 4
kp:enter
t:answer Card
kp:enter
t:answer Snoopy
kp:enter
# can I just leave the bill?
#t:get all
#kp:enter

t:drop diamond
kp:enter
t:drop bracelet
kp:enter
t:drop platinum
kp:enter
t:drop gold
kp:enter
t:drop egg
kp:enter
t:drop coins
kp:enter
t:drop ruby
kp:enter
#t:drop bill
#kp:enter

t:s
kp:enter

t:answer Stock
kp:enter
t:answer 20
kp:enter
t:answer Robert
kp:enter
t:answer tcp/ip
kp:enter
t:answer 2
kp:enter
t:answer 24
kp:enter
t:answer mobytours
kp:enter
t:answer stallman
kp:enter
t:answer 10
kp:enter
t:answer Vermont
kp:enter
t:answer toukmond
kp:enter
t:answer grizzly
kp:enter
t:answer 4
kp:enter
t:answer Card
kp:enter
t:answer Snoopy
kp:enter

t:s
kp:enter

t:answer Stock
kp:enter
t:answer 20
kp:enter
t:answer Robert
kp:enter
t:answer tcp/ip
kp:enter
t:answer 2
kp:enter
t:answer 24
kp:enter
t:answer mobytours
kp:enter
t:answer stallman
kp:enter
t:answer 10
kp:enter
t:answer Vermont
kp:enter
t:answer toukmond
kp:enter
t:answer grizzly
kp:enter
t:answer 4
kp:enter
t:answer Card
kp:enter
t:answer Snoopy
kp:enter

t:s
kp:enter

t:answer Stock
kp:enter
t:answer 20
kp:enter
t:answer Robert
kp:enter
t:answer tcp/ip
kp:enter
t:answer 2
kp:enter
t:answer 24
kp:enter
t:answer mobytours
kp:enter
t:answer stallman
kp:enter
t:answer 10
kp:enter
t:answer Vermont
kp:enter
t:answer toukmond
kp:enter
t:answer grizzly
kp:enter
t:answer 4
kp:enter
t:answer Card
kp:enter
t:answer Snoopy
kp:enter

t:s
kp:enter

t:get all
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter
t:n
kp:enter

t:answer Stock
kp:enter
t:answer 20
kp:enter
t:answer Robert
kp:enter
t:answer tcp/ip
kp:enter
t:answer 2
kp:enter
t:answer 24
kp:enter
t:answer mobytours
kp:enter
t:answer stallman
kp:enter
t:answer 10
kp:enter
t:answer Vermont
kp:enter
t:answer toukmond
kp:enter
t:answer grizzly
kp:enter
t:answer 4
kp:enter
t:answer Card
kp:enter
t:answer Snoopy
kp:enter

t:n
kp:enter

t:answer Stock
kp:enter
t:answer 20
kp:enter
t:answer Robert
kp:enter
t:answer tcp/ip
kp:enter
t:answer 2
kp:enter
t:answer 24
kp:enter
t:answer mobytours
kp:enter
t:answer stallman
kp:enter
t:answer 10
kp:enter
t:answer Vermont
kp:enter
t:answer toukmond
kp:enter
t:answer grizzly
kp:enter
t:answer 4
kp:enter
t:answer Card
kp:enter
t:answer Snoopy
kp:enter

t:n
kp:enter

t:answer Stock
kp:enter
t:answer 20
kp:enter
t:answer Robert
kp:enter
t:answer tcp/ip
kp:enter
t:answer 2
kp:enter
t:answer 24
kp:enter
t:answer mobytours
kp:enter
t:answer stallman
kp:enter
t:answer 10
kp:enter
t:answer Vermont
kp:enter
t:answer toukmond
kp:enter
t:answer grizzly
kp:enter
t:answer 4
kp:enter
t:answer Card
kp:enter
t:answer Snoopy
kp:enter

t:n
kp:enter
t:get all
kp:enter
t:s
kp:enter
t:drop mona
kp:enter
t:drop silver
kp:enter
t:drop amethyst
kp:enter


t:n
kp:enter
t:quit
kp:enter
